---
layout: post
title:  "Goals"
date:   2015-01-16 7:30:06
categories: general
---
As any professional looking to maintain an edge, one must set goals for themselves. With 2015 just 16 days old, I have had a good opportunity to determine where I want to take myself professionally. 

First, I took 2014 off from certifications as I spent just about the entire year of 2013 upgrading my MCSA 2003 to MCSA 2008 then to MCSA 2012. On top of that, I obtained my VCP 4 in 2013 as well. 2015 is here and I'm going to hit the books again. I received notice that my VCP4 is expiring, so I do plan to recertify in VMWare in some shape or form. I also plan to jump in the fire with Cisco; right now I'm re-upping my CCNA RS and plan to pursue CCNA DC and/or CCDA. I've also had thoughts on rolling up to CCNP RS. My main focus right now is CCNA RS. 

Second, my goal is to become extremely proficient in Powershell. It seems to be the premier language being used by Windows admins every where. While I have dabbled in Powershell in the past, I have never completely made it a part of my every day professional life. The tools are out there, I must take the time to learn. 

Lastly, I'm going to find a hobby. I'm unsure of what the hobby will be, but I'm looking for something to take me out of the house a few days a week that can get my mind off my professional life for 30-60 minutes each time, mainly looking to prevent any potential burnout that may occur in my professional life. Since I have been 24 years old, my life has been work, home, then more work, and then bed; rinse and repeat. I've been leaning towards hiking or running; maybe a combination of both. 

There it is, my 2015 professional goals. Hopefully, I'll be writing another blog in December talking about how I achieved all of my goals. 